. Summary of chunk work; current product
.. diagram of chunk object and it's transformation; diagram of message
. Utilisation of osrv; memory model and why it needs a central chunk table; how
  the  chunk table may as well be used for indexing as well
. New doc for distributed objects
.. outline
.. distributed object defined by totally ordered set of chunks; relaxation of
   total ordering leads to interesting new random distributed object, which may
   be faster due to less alignment.
.. diagram of distributed object
.. do.call.distObj
.. docs & tests
.. do.call.Obj takes additional "index" argument for sake of alignment
.. osrv could do with a central chunk table; this will help with indexing as well.
.. central queue server could be replaced with local queues + distributed hash
   table of locations
.. no forcing of resolution by preview(); issue warning that chunk not yet resolved
.. consider transparent mechanism to resolve
.. maybe better to differentiate between dist and static args only
   conceptually; let do.call simply take on args parameter, and detect which
   are distributed, replacing them with their whole counterparts
.. Go through sections
. benchmarks
. Assumptions:
.. topology; fully connected? consequences?
.. mutability of chunks?
.. redis single point of failure?
. Re-run tree
. multiple choices for categories in tree
. dendrogram for tree (unclass to explore)
. Predict method for tree
. Pruning for tree
. Writing on doc/experiment-distributed-decision-tree.tex
. see doc/consideration-dist-arch-assumptions for future potential
. Regression in CART
. Write on constraints of distributed objects
. Attempt to apply GLM as per Simon's email to the distributed object
. implement some sort in eager dist obj
. Prepare talk
. Literature Review:
.. Distributed Systems in General;
   <https://web.stanford.edu/~ouster/cgi-bin/quals.php> looks useful
   CS711 links; look through 711 notes
.. Distributed Systems in other languages
.. Distributed Objects (CORBA etc.)
.. Last few R packages
. Prepare proposal
. Interface: experiment with lazy distributed objects
. Implementation: experiment with metadata being encapsulated in slave processes
. Notes on Hadoop Monitoring links (which port for what, etc.)
.. Create startup script that also starts up web browser with relevant
   monitoring pages
. Remove table notes from link:doc/survey-large-scale-features.tex[Large Scale
  Features document] and add them to their appropriate sections; consider how to
  do this neatly.
. Revisit table with reference to sparklyr-iteration
. Add "degree of control" to the large scale features; capturing how much is
  abstracted vs. still able to be specified by the programmer
. Read Spark: The Definitive Guide
.. 1. What Is Apache Spark?
.. 2. A Gentle Introduction to Spark
.. 3. A Tour of Spark's Toolset
.. 15. How Spark Runs on a Cluster
.. 17. Deploying Spark
.. 18. Monitoring and Debugging
.. 24. Advanced Analytics and Machine Learning Overview
.. 32.2. R on Spark
. Discuss why spark no longer has RDDs as main objects
. Look at sparkR?
. A Survey of Distributed Statistical Algorithms
. Determine feasibility of Spark making use of R blobs in a long-running R
  process: Arrow potentially capable? See how sparklyr uses it
. Record the backends commonly supported by backend-powered packages (include
  these in the survey-large-scale-platforms document, including revis and other
  distributed databases)
. Write on LASSO with reference to the bigmemory implementation
. Write on other algorithms: ADMM, Random Forest
. Research possible graph-based algorithms that require node communication
. More on RWLS document
.. Reference the GLM implementations in sparklyr and pbdR
