. change name in github (req password)
. init
.. get chunks working again (signalling etc.)
.. fill in logic for external init
.. test external init
.. fill in logic for commProc init
.. test commProc init
. prepare reading in csv via root queue w.r.t. signalling change
. test
. check that all standard tests are working again
. Allow AsIs for distributed references, using 'ignore' mask in args
. Create subsetting by distributed logical vectors, allow for missing args
. Provide means for rebalancing loads between nodes
. remove job queues, replace with keys
. Dashboard using R's internal http server
. callCC
. subsetting
. dask document
. ddR & distributed dplyr as per Paul's email
. Remove caching of host/port in chunks
. create breaking async example
. redis-tests in inst/ from demos
. 'job' inherits from msg
. Implementation of inbox as described in async doc; contrive async situation to demonstrate difference
.. docs & tests
.. abdallah2005sommseqproc
. Formalisation of models
. Assumptions:
.. topology; fully connected? consequences?
.. mutability of chunks?
.. redis single point of failure?
. Re-run tree
. multiple choices for categories in tree
. dendrogram for tree (unclass to explore)
. Predict method for tree
. Pruning for tree
. Writing on doc/experiment-distributed-decision-tree.tex
. see doc/consideration-dist-arch-assumptions for future potential
. Regression in CART
. kleppmann2017dataintensive
. Write on constraints of distributed objects
. Attempt to apply GLM as per Simon's email to the distributed object
. implement some sort in eager dist obj
. Prepare talk
. Literature Review:
.. Distributed Systems in General;
   <https://web.stanford.edu/~ouster/cgi-bin/quals.php> looks useful
   CS711 links; look through 711 notes
.. Distributed Systems in other languages
.. Distributed Objects (CORBA etc.)
.. Last few R packages
. Prepare proposal
. Interface: experiment with lazy distributed objects
. Implementation: experiment with metadata being encapsulated in slave processes
. Notes on Hadoop Monitoring links (which port for what, etc.)
.. Create startup script that also starts up web browser with relevant
   monitoring pages
. Remove table notes from link:doc/survey-large-scale-features.tex[Large Scale
  Features document] and add them to their appropriate sections; consider how to
  do this neatly.
. Revisit table with reference to sparklyr-iteration
. Add "degree of control" to the large scale features; capturing how much is
  abstracted vs. still able to be specified by the programmer
. Read Spark: The Definitive Guide
.. 1. What Is Apache Spark?
.. 2. A Gentle Introduction to Spark
.. 3. A Tour of Spark's Toolset
.. 15. How Spark Runs on a Cluster
.. 17. Deploying Spark
.. 18. Monitoring and Debugging
.. 24. Advanced Analytics and Machine Learning Overview
.. 32.2. R on Spark
. Discuss why spark no longer has RDDs as main objects
. Look at sparkR?
. A Survey of Distributed Statistical Algorithms
. Determine feasibility of Spark making use of R blobs in a long-running R
  process: Arrow potentially capable? See how sparklyr uses it
. Record the backends commonly supported by backend-powered packages (include
  these in the survey-large-scale-platforms document, including revis and other
  distributed databases)
. Write on LASSO with reference to the bigmemory implementation
. Write on other algorithms: ADMM, Random Forest
. Research possible graph-based algorithms that require node communication
. More on RWLS document
.. Reference the GLM implementations in sparklyr and pbdR
